
Does your program have a user interface? What will it look like? What functionality will the interface have? 

What inputs will your program have? Will the user enter data or will you get input from somewhere else?

What’s the desired output?

Given your inputs, what are the steps necessary to return the desired output?




Does your program have a user interface? What will it look like? What functionality will the interface have? 




What inputs will your program have? Will the user enter data or will you get input from somewhere else?

the user will enter the input on the prompt box and if the user wins add one point to the user.

What’s the desired output?
Display a output that tells the user that he has either won or lost.

Given your inputs, what are the steps necessary to return the desired output?
When the user enters the answer, depending on the inpuer the will either lose or win.
If he wins more than three times than he wins.

Psedudo code
User enter input
decide weather her won or not
if he wins add one point to a variable
If he gets more than three points he wins
diplay the result.


PSEUDOCODE 2
create a variable with the value of console.log
assign the var to the if statements
create a new var and call it score
if uses get one of the win variable, plus one to the score variable
when the playround is complete and the user get the score for greater than 3. 
Output the user wins.



user input goes to PLAYERSLECTION
computer input to COMPUTERSELECTION
PLAYERSELECTIONG goes to CONVERSION


if i = 0 and i is less than conversion














						PROBLEMS



adding the result value to one variable because right now the score is unable to cocatinate with the out put of the 
playround

1.
For the winning string create a variables. 
Use that variables in the if statement and see what happens
DID NOT WORK- CONSOLE.LOG PRINTERD THE VARIABLE PERMANENTLY AND DOES NOT RETURN THE WIN VARIABLES


2.
just write the strings with the return key word
WORKED


Create a scoring mechanism that will add one each time the use wins
previous I had a score variable with number 0
if the function displays a win result add one to the score
if not than 0.
than store the score in the browser storage 
and display the result in the page
THIS DID NOT WORK.

TRY NUMBER 1
create two var : win and lose.
if user get winning result add one to win
if lose than add one to lose.
store these values in the cache and display them.
































































































